# Service Limitations I did not know before
1. An interface endpoint supports TCP traffic only.
2. OpsWorks does not support canary deployment.
3. Aurora Serverless can only reside in a private subnet of a VPC and cannot have public IP. Although you can use Aurora Data API to access the data via an HTTP web interface.
4. DynamoDb strongly consistent read cannot be cross region.
5. Snowball devices can only be used to import or export data within the same AWS Region where the devices were ordered.
6. Endpoint connections cannot be extended out of a VPC. Resources on the other side of a VPN connection, VPC peering connection, transit gateway, **DX** CANNOT use the endpoint to communicate with resources in the endpoint service.
7. You cannot copy ACM-managed certificates between regions.
8. Volume Gateway takes a volume snapshot, and you cannot restore a single file through S3.
9. CloudTrail logs -> SNS notification has no filtering, you will receive all updates.
10. Amazon Redshift only supports Single-AZ deployments.
11. CloudWatch Events cannot detect events from S3. 
12. AWS Config cannot monitor OS state.
13. DMS cannot have ES as a source. It can have ES as a target.
14. Kinesis Data Firehose charges each record by 5KB (round up).
15. SQS FIFO queue supports 3,000 messages per second with batching.
16. AWS Import/Export has been replaced with AWS Snowball.
17. Keys generated by AWS KMS are only stored and used in the region in which they were created. They cannot be transferred to another region.
18. Exporting log data to Amazon S3 buckets that are encrypted by AWS KMS is not supported.
19. CloudWatch cannot export logs to Glacier directly. You need to specify an S3 bucket first, and define a lifecycle policy yourself.
20. Log data can take up to 12 hours to become available for exporting to S3. 
21. You cannot route traffic to a NAT gateway through a VPC peering connection, a Site-to-Site VPN connection, or AWS Direct Connect. 
22. The AWS Simple Monthly Calculator should not be used for trend analysis. It is an estimation tool.
23. A member account cannot send a join request to Organization. They have to be invited by the management account.
24. CloudTrail typically delivers log files within 15 minutes of account activity. For quicker effect, define CloudWatch Event.
25. API Gateway's API cache can only be set at the origin.
26. CodeDeploy cannot push AMI. It is an agent deployed on the instances to deploy applications.
27. The AWS Discovery Connector is a VMware appliance that can collect information **only** about VMware virtual machines (VMs). 
28. AWS SMS supports migrations of virtual machines from VMware, Hyper-V or Microsoft Azure. To lift-and-shift physical servers, use **CloudEndure**.
29. You still need to install the Discovery Connector as a VM in your VMware vCenter Server environment using an Open Virtualization Archive (OVA) file. 
30. AWS WAF helps only works with HTTP or HTTPS. AWS Shield works with TCP and UDP.
31. You can define a time-based schedule for your crawlers and jobs in AWS Glue. Minimum is 5 minutes.
32. Cognito User Pool is just a user directory. You need Identity Pool for authorization.


    


